                       Sleuth Kit Framework
                      Building Instructions

                           Dec 7, 2011



The framework builds on top of the core Sleuth Kit functionality.
It needs to be built in order to incorporate it into larger
applications and may be needed to build plug-in modules.  This
document assumes that you have already compiled and built the core
Sleuth Kit library (libtsk).

Note that the framework currently only works on the Microsoft Windows
platform. Visual Studio 2008 solution and project files are included
with the code.

Development environment setup consists of the following steps:
1) Download and build the POCO library
2) Build the Sleuth Kit framework library


POCO

POCO is a set of open source C++ classes for building portable
applications. The Sleuth Kit framework uses POCO to handle some
basic internal tasks.  Testing has been performed with version
1.4.1p1 of the POCO libraries.

Download the Basic Edition from http://pocoproject.org/download.

Once downloaded you will need to build the Foundation, XML, Net and
Util libraries. POCO comes with separate Microsoft Visual Studio
solution files for each of these libraries. Choose either the
"debug_shared" or "release_shared" configuration depending on whether
you want a debug or a release build.

Once built you should see PocoFoundation(d).dll, PocoXML(d).dll,
PocoNet(d).dll and PocoUtil(d).dll in the "bin" folder. Note that
the letter "d" will only appear on debug versions.

Finally, create an environment variable called POCO_HOME. This
environment variable is used by the Sleuth Kit framework to locate
POCO.


SLEUTH KIT FRAMEWORK

The framework code is not yet part of the standard TSK Visual Studio
Solution file.  The framework depends on 'libtsk' and therefore it
must be built before the framework can be built. To build the
non-framework part of The Sleuth Kit, refer to the BUILDING.txt
file in the win32 folder. You are only required to build the "libtsk"
project in the Sleuth Kit solution although you may choose to build
the entire solution. Once complete you should see a file named
"libtsk.lib" in either the "Debug" or "Release" folder under "win32".

To compile the framework, open the solution file in
"framework/win32/framework". Compile the framework project to get
the release or debug version.  This will create a dll file that
includes the libtsk static library.

If you get errors about not being able to find POCO header files,
ensure that you defined the POCO_HOME environment variable and
restarted Visual Studio.


----------------------------------------------------------
Contact: Brian Carrier   carrier <at> sleuthkit <dot> org
